Add draft October 2022 Finance Ctte update (#304)
astropy/astropy-project: finance/community-updates/2022-10.txt

Dear Astropy Community,

The Finance Committee would like to give you some updates on our activities
over the several months.

> # Cycle III Funding Results

Reviewer: I think we used 
```suggestion
# Cycle 3 Funding Results
```
in most other places?

We recently completed the proposal process for allocating the next round of
funding for projects and other major expenses. This is the first time we have
been able to allocate money from our NASA ROSES-2020 grant as well as our

> grant from the Moore foundation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
grant from the Moore Foundation.
```

A total of 22 proposals were received, of which 20 were allocated funds.
Although our budget didn't quite stretch to supporting all projects at their
full requested level, every approved proposal receives at least their minimum

> funding request, and — in many cases — substantially more.

Reviewer: Add something about "we went based on the community's votes"?

Author: I feel like that is asking for somebody to find a counter-example or otherwise quibble!

The full list of proposals funded in this process is available at [1]. Each
proposal will be allocated a dedicated Finance Committee member who will guide

> project team through the process of getting started and claiming funds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the project team through the process of getting started and claiming funds.
```

We're excited to be able to fund so many amazing projects! Thanks to those
who submitted proposals and to everybody who took part in the discussion and
voting process, and many congratulations to the successful project teams!

> The Finance Committee welcomes feedback on the funding process. Please feel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, the Finance Committee welcomes feedback on the funding process. Please feel
```
or similar.  It seems like a lot of disjointed pragraphs so a joiner seems useful

free to reach out to us — see the contact details below — with your thoughts
and suggestions for how it might be improved in the future.

[1] https://github.com/astropy/astropy-project/pulls?q=label%3A%22funding-approved+💵%22+label%3A%22cycle+3%EF%B8%8F⃣%22+type%3Apr

# Keeping Track of Work in Progress

> The Finance Committee uses GitHub issues to keep track of all the various ways
> in which we are allocating funds. If you would like to know where the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Finance Committee uses GitHub issues to discuss and track the progress of the various funded
activities. If you would like to know where the
```

Project's funds are being spent, check out the “finance” label in the
astropy-project issue tracker [2].

For previous funding rounds, we've used a single issue to keep track of all

> the various projects [3]. During Cycle III, we plan to use a single issue per

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the various projects [3]. During Cycle 3, we plan to use a single issue per
```

project; watch out for these appearing over the next few days.

[2] https://github.com/astropy/astropy-project/labels/finance%20%3Amoneybag%3A
[3] https://github.com/astropy/astropy-project/issues/199/

# Open Collective

Over the spring and summer of this year, NumFOCUS — the organization that
manages our accounts — switched to using Open Collective [4] for handling
budgeting and invoicing. This new system is a substantial step forward — it's
easier to use and more transparent than its predecessor.

All invoices must now be submitted through Open Collective. This process is

> straightforward, but it is important that you know which of our various

Reviewer: ```suggestion
straightforward (different but generally easier than the previous "Rocket" system), but it is important that you know which of our various
```

Author: I feel like we basically said “it's easier than the old system” in the previous paragraph. I'll add a mention of Rocket to that, but then I think that this is redundant.

funding lines (or “projects” in Open Collective's jargon) you should submit
your expense to (NASA, Moore, etc). If you aren't sure, reach out to the
Finance Committee (details below) to check. When you know which project to
use, head over to the Astropy area on Open Collective [5], select the right
project, and then hit “submit expense”.

As always, don't hesitate to reach out if you have questions.

[4] https://opencollective.com
[5] https://opencollective.com/astropy

# Applying for Funding

> Although the Cycle III proposal process has now been completed, it's still

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although the Cycle 3 proposal process has now been completed, it's still
```

> possible to apply to the Finance Committee for funding. We welcome requests
> following the guidelines at [6].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
possible to apply to the Finance Committee for funding. We welcome requests at any time
following the guidelines at [6].
```

[6] https://github.com/astropy/astropy-project/blob/main/finance/process/request-funding.md

# Finance Committee Contacts

You can learn more about the Finance Committee's business and how you can get
in touch in the astropy-project repository [7]. In particular, you can keep
track of what we're working on by following our running notes [8], or reach

> out to us on Slack (#finance-committee), by filing a GitHub issue, or by mail

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
out to us on Slack (#finance-committee), by filing a GitHub issue, or by e-mail
```

Author: I thought I was the only person left in the entire world who hyphenates e-mail!
